---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-05T03:43:52.906Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-05T03:43:22.940Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-05-4500836a-87e4-439f-9fb8-8c550b74f681.md
published: true
url: 4500836a-87e4-439f-9fb8-8c550b74f681/index.html
_type: Article

---
My day begins with silent prayer and a cup of coffee. As my wife, a teacher, rushes around the house preparing to leave for school, I sit at the kitchen table waiting for my brain to come alive. Sometimes I scan news headlines on my phone, but never more than a few minutes. I'm convinced too much news is bad for your health. 

After breakfast and a shower, I get into my reasonably priced Toyota Corolla and drive three miles to Angier Primitive Baptist Church. Through the fellowship hall and beyond the baptistry sits a small room with white walls and a single chair. That chair is where I spend most of my time. It's a comfortable chair. It's the kind of leather reclining chair you'd see in a first-class airport lounge. 

I open my laptop, hit the power button, and take a deep breath. 

What happens next is hard to predict. I could spend several hours reading the Bible and making notes in preparation for my next sermon. I might write a short story or another chapter in an ongoing book if inspiration strikes. Maybe I'll be interrupted by a phone call. I may just sit awhile and meditate. 

Whatever I do, I'll do it until my wife calls me home for dinner. We'll eat, always together, then relax awhile on the couch watching M\*A\*S\*H or Andy Griffith reruns. Perhaps we'll go for a walk in the country or read a book on the front porch. Of course, there's usually a few household chores to get done. 

Just before bed, I escape to the backyard. I'm not going anywhere. I just need a moment to process it all. 

I think about my wife. I think about my church. I think about what I learned from the Bible. I think about what I wrote. I think about that conversation I had. I think about God's blessings. I think about tomorrow. I pray. 

Then I say goodnight, thrilled to do it all over again in the morning.